Add dropmissing mention in missing.md docs (#1666)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/man/missing.md

```

> The function `dropmissing` or `dropmissing!` can be used to remove the rows with incomplete data from a DataFrame and either create a new DataFrame or mutate the original in-place. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The functions `dropmissing` and `dropmissing!` can be used to remove the rows containing `missing` values from a `DataFrame` and either create a new `DataFrame` or mutate the original in-place respectively.
```

```jldoctest missings
julia> df = DataFrame(i = 1:5,
                      x = [missing, 4, missing, 2, 1],
                      y = [missing, missing, "c", "d", "e"])

julia> dropmissing(df)
2×3 DataFrame
│ Row │ i     │ x      │ y       │
│     │ Int64 │ Int64⍰ │ String⍰ │
├─────┼───────┼────────┼─────────┤
│ 1   │ 4     │ 2      │ d       │
│ 2   │ 5     │ 1      │ e       │
```

> By default dropmissing keep the `Union{Type,Missing}` type. To remove the Missing part, set the `disallowmissing` option to true (it should become the default in the future).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the `dropmissing` and `dropmissing!` functions keep the `Union{Type,Missing}` element type in columns selected for row removal. To remove the `Missing` part, if present, set the `disallowmissing` option to `true` (it will become the default behavior in the future).
```

```jldoctest missings
julia> dropmissing(df, disallowmissing=true)
2×3 DataFrame
│ Row │ i     │ x     │ y      │
│     │ Int64 │ Int64 │ String │
├─────┼───────┼───────┼────────┤
│ 1   │ 4     │ 2     │ d      │
│ 2   │ 5     │ 1     │ e      │
```

> You can define the column or the list of columns where to search for the missing rows to be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define the column or the list of columns where to search for the rows containing `missing` values to be removed.
```
